Adding the polypill intervention (#989)
ihmeuw/vivarium_research: docs/source/gbd2019_models/causes/heart_failure/index.rst

.. _analysis: https://www.jacc.org/doi/full/10.1016/j.jacc.2019.03.529

> The relative risks can be utilized by SBP group based on these tables: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The relative risks can be utilized by SBP group based on this table:
```

Reviewer: Or is there still an intention to add a second table? I think not, based on the concept model diagram.
